Write something about your day:

So from today onwards, I shall start documenting my day. Currently I am not in a good state and I am still and SDE-1 and
it is going to turn 3 years for me being in this industry. So the only thing which should be in my mind is that I need to
work hard as hell. I need to task my tasks seriously. The best thing for now is that I have got the confirmation that
I shall be transferred to the AI team finally and now I can literally focus on learning new stuff and doing R&D.


Hour to Hour Analysis of the Day:

Waking up late at around 8, wasting time on phone for most of the time of the day.
Wasted time in the morning
Went to office then did nothing related to coding stuffs.
Came back and wasted the day again.
Writing this diary at about 11pm and feeling that already wasted the day


What better you did today than yesterday?
Lets skip as this is the first instance

What could have been better today?
Nothing as such, but lets start improving from tomorrow


Analyze yourself on grounds of SDE Growth:
Need to focus on DSA for now. Lets target more number of questions

Analyze yourself on grounds of Fitness and Exercise Growth:
Bhai bahot buri halat hai, I am just not into fitness and exercise. Lets try to follow the routine from tomorrow

Analyze yourself on grounds of Eating healthy and nutritious:
I am just fucking eating outside food. I should start replacing my appetite with eggs and nuts.
Need to drink more water
I need to start tracking my hours literally and make sure that I need to stretch my body and drink water every hour when I need to take the break





Some Questions:
Did you avoid masturbate/porn Today? No
Did you avoid outside food? No
Did you eat less than your meal? No
Did you avoid tea/coffee? No



Things you are planning to do tomorrow:

So for tomorrow I will wakeup on time and goto gym.
Then I need to go for Rakshabandhan
After Coming back I need to grind for DSA till the whole day and lets stick to the basic routine then onwards

all the best to me






